Bought this last month for my girlfriend. She loved it!
I gave this to my girlfriend but she did not like the color.
Nice dress, great material but I just wish it was a little longer.
I like this dress, the length is good for me (I'm 5'4) and the fabric is actually good quality. I didn't realize that it had a seam right under the bust, it's not very flattering for me. If I put a sweater over it, it's not too noticable, but not exactly what I wanted.
I ordered the green and the color was awesome. If you're a "fall" or warm color person the army/olive green is beautiful.
I was looking for a good gift for my girlfriend, for her birthday. So I purchased this and she said it's a good fit for her.
Love the dress. It's very comfortable and can easily be dressed up with some accessories. I wear a size 22 pant and the XXL fits just fine.
I like it. But if you are busty it will fit a bit differently as most things do. I'm 5'4, an 18/20 and 42G. I purchased the 2xl. It is long on me, I don't mind. A little clingy, not more than most maxi skirts or dresses. The pockets are awesome and I loved the color. Would get another color or two.
Beautiful color, soft, and comfortable. The quality of the material was surprisingly good. I put on weight over the last year, so it's nice and stretchy enough to accommodate the weight gain and hide the blubber. In fact, the way it is made will also accommodate my body when I loose weight. I plan to purchase at least two other colors.
LOVE this dress! I bought it in three colors and am tempted to get more! Lightweight and can be dressed up or down.
Sooo cute and comfy! Love the way it feels. It hangs nicely. Got the Navy in the xl I'm a size 16 and it fits great. Only reason not 5 Stars is because the material is a tad see through, still not overly see through though. I'm pleased with my purchase.
I like this dress. I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't so thin and see through. I won’t be able to wear it without a slip or extender to keep it from being see through.
I'm 136# and 5'7" I bought the blue in medium. It's a beautiful dress but it was about 3" Too short right out of the package. I was really sad because the fit was perfect except it was too short.